hey guys it's Asti one of the ents today
I've got another thief or 15 player of
you this time I'm not who in Gonzalo
higuaín man-of-the-match card if you
didn't know yesterday EA released two
new man the matches cards the first ones
in FIFA 15 they were this guy in surgery
run us as I see here it's got four style
weak foot 3/4 moves AC 3 pace of 84
dribbling in 91 shooting which is
incredible you've costed me about 620 K
when I bought him and as you see we're
going to its in games that 87 ball
control 85 dribbling 96 finishing eighth
to long shots 89 shot power in 87 bodies
as well as 94 positioning and so pretty
nice physical stats there with this
reaction just really than his strength
and so the reason I didn't have two
actual in-game stats there is and I
didn't have the team I was in is because
I recorded it before I got rid of him
and then after I got really big
something happened to my hard drive on
my computer that pretty much delay need
quite a few clips got deleted because my
hard drive space was no or something so
we didn't have that but I'll just going
through the positives and negatives of
Gonzales he going in like usual I'm so
startled just positives then and that
it's first ones pretty obvious that it
has an amazing long shots like when I
say amazing I mean it he's the
properties have got the best long shots
out of any player I've used in the scale
of use pretty much most of the strikers
bar Messi I haven't tried any bro yet
but I can't see him being to too much
better than this guy
the second thing then is is four new
shots it's essentially the same as long
shots really but it is different and the
third thing then is just dribbling the
onliest 84 dribbling runs card but does
feel quite better than that it feels
about 86 87 88 he has very nice strength
as you saw in the ingame start to think
he had 86 strength which is really nice
because the only 83 pace and you know
when you're running alongside defenders
you don't want to be weak so that
definitely helps and crew displace a
little bit
the next thing is is positioning I had
noticed his positioning was he was
always sent to being in the right area
unlike a lot of strikes I've tried this
year you're just always there what was
that for the sweat with barber I think
he had 94 positioning and that does show
when you use an ingame and I just see
very very nice long stop anyway it's
good so many like that the next positive
thing is that he could play
he's a very like well cuz I say not
agile well yes or you could play like
cam sent forward or striker eyes and as
a striker and sent forward played about
three games we might send forward and
that's hand out striker I did preferment
striker but I felt you could convert
into a cam I think that would be like
really good because it's got nice stats
and then the last thing I've already
mentioned is this pace you know it's not
great 83 it's decent just not great then
there's negatives
there's only negatives I thought was
passing only 70 passing and his
acceleration wasn't too great you know
he wasn't fast off the mark the last one
well it's not really negative it's just
you know his price he's about 600 play
on PlayStation 400 playing xbox no but
if you can afford him I would personally
buy him
so overall I'm going to give him a nine
point five out of ten I thought it was
an exceptional player if I build a Syria
thing he's going to be in it so guys if
you please and if you enjoyed please
like comment and subscribe as always
follow me on twitter the link be in the
description and I will see you guys
later